Update tutorial docs (#15165)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/preprocessing.mdx

array([[  101,   153,  7719, 21490,  1122,  1114,  9582,  1623,   102],
       [  101,  5226,  1122,  9649,  1199,  2610,  1236,   102,     0]],
      dtype=int32)>, 
 'token_type_ids': <tf.Tensor: shape=(2, 9), dtype=int32, numpy=
array([[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0],
       [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]], dtype=int32)>, 
 'attention_mask': <tf.Tensor: shape=(2, 9), dtype=int32, numpy=
array([[1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1],
       [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0]], dtype=int32)>}
```

## Audio

Audio inputs are preprocessed differently than textual inputs, but the end goal remains the same: create numerical sequences the model can understand. A [feature extractor](main_classes/feature_extractor) will help you with this. Before you begin, install 🤗 Datasets to load an audio dataset to experiment with.

```bash
pip install datasets
```

Load the keyword spotting task from the [SUPERB](https://huggingface.co/datasets/superb) benchmark (see the 🤗 [Datasets tutorial](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/load_hub.html) for more information):

```py
>>> from datasets import load_dataset, Audio

>>> dataset = load_dataset("superb", "ks")
```

> Access the first element of the `audio` column to take a look at the input. Calling the `audio` column will automatically load and resample the audio file:

Reviewer: Just noticed that you show this later - never mind all good then

```py
>>> dataset["train"][0]["audio"]
{'array': array([ 0.        ,  0.        ,  0.        , ..., -0.00592041,
        -0.00405884, -0.00253296], dtype=float32),
 'path': '/root/.cache/huggingface/datasets/downloads/extracted/05734a36d88019a09725c20cc024e1c4e7982e37d7d55c0c1ca1742ea1cdd47f/_background_noise_/doing_the_dishes.wav',
 'sampling_rate': 16000}
```

This returns three items:

> * `array` is the speech signal, or the input format the model expects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `array` is the speech signal loaded (and potentially resampled) as a 1D array
```

The model might expect more than this actually (normalized / padded audio)

* `path` points to the location of the audio file.
* `sampling_rate` refers to how many data points in the speech signal are measured per second.

### Resample

For this tutorial, you will use the [Wav2Vec2](https://huggingface.co/facebook/wav2vec2-base) model. As you can see from the model card, the Wav2Vec2 model is pretrained on 16kHz sampled speech audio. It is important your audio data sampling rate matches the sampling rate of the dataset used to pretrain the model. If your data's sampling rate isn't the same, then you will need to resample your audio data. For example, if your audio data has a sampling rate of 48kHz, then you will need to downsample to 16kHz.

1. Use 🤗 Datasets `cast_column` method to downsample the sampling rate to 16kHz:

> ```py

Reviewer: Maybe load a new datasets sampled at 48_000 kHz to that some resampling is actually happening? Maybe: 

```python
dataset = load_dataset("common_voice", "en", split="test", streaming=True)
```

Author: Good idea! I chose the LJ Speech dataset since it is a little simpler to show without the streaming and `IterableDataset`.

>>> dataset = dataset.cast_column("audio", Audio(sampling_rate=16_000))
```

2. Now when you load the audio file, it will be automatically resampled to 16kHz:

```py

> >>> dataset["train"][0]["audio"]

Reviewer: nice! Maybe show the output here that it's resampled

```

### Feature extractor

> The next step is to load a feature extractor to normalize the input.

Reviewer: Could we add a sentence here that padding in audio feature extractors means that `0's` are appended to the 1D array as this corresponds to silence

* `path` points to the location of the audio file.
* `sampling_rate` refers to how many data points in the speech signal are measured per second.

### Resample

For this tutorial, you will use the [Wav2Vec2](https://huggingface.co/facebook/wav2vec2-base) model. As you can see from the model card, the Wav2Vec2 model is pretrained on 16kHz sampled speech audio. It is important your audio data's sampling rate matches the sampling rate of the dataset used to pretrain the model. If your data's sampling rate isn't the same, then you need to resample your audio data. 

For example, load the [LJ Speech](https://huggingface.co/datasets/lj_speech) dataset which has a sampling rate of 22050kHz. In order to use the Wav2Vec2 model with this dataset, downsample the sampling rate to 16kHz:

```py
>>> lj_speech = load_dataset("lj_speech", split="train")
>>> lj_speech[0]["audio"]
{'array': array([-7.3242188e-04, -7.6293945e-04, -6.4086914e-04, ...,
         7.3242188e-04,  2.1362305e-04,  6.1035156e-05], dtype=float32),
 'path': '/root/.cache/huggingface/datasets/downloads/extracted/917ece08c95cf0c4115e45294e3cd0dee724a1165b7fc11798369308a465bd26/LJSpeech-1.1/wavs/LJ001-0001.wav',

>  'sampling_rate': 22050}

Reviewer: very nice!

```

> 1. Use 🤗 Datasets [`cast_column`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/package_reference/main_classes.html#datasets.Dataset.cast_column) method to downsample the sampling rate to 16kHz:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use 🤗 Datasets' [`cast_column`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/package_reference/main_classes.html#datasets.Dataset.cast_column) method to downsample the sampling rate to 16kHz:
```

[CLS] And the very very last one [SEP] And I go with the very last one [SEP]
```

Lastly, you can apply a padding and truncation strategy, and return the tensors directly with the following:

```py
>>> batch = tokenizer(batch_sentences, batch_of_second_sentences, padding=True, truncation=True, return_tensors="pt")
===PT-TF-SPLIT===
>>> batch = tokenizer(batch_sentences, batch_of_second_sentences, padding=True, truncation=True, return_tensors="tf")
```

> ### Pre-tokenized inputs

Reviewer 2: Same for this one.

```py
>>> audio_input = [dataset["train"][0]["audio"]["array"]]
>>> feature_extractor(audio_input, sampling_rate=16000)
{'input_values': [array([ 0.00045439,  0.00045439,  0.00045439, ..., -0.1578519 , -0.10807519, -0.06727459], dtype=float32)]}
```

Just like the tokenizer, you can also apply a padding or truncation strategy to handle short and long sequences in a batch:

```py
>>> feature_extractor(audio_input, sampling_rate=16000, padding=True, max_length=160000, truncation=True)
```

## Vision

A feature extractor can also be used to process images for vision tasks. Once again, the goal is to convert the raw image into a batch of tensors for the model.

Let's load the [food101](https://huggingface.co/datasets/food101) dataset for this tutorial. Use 🤗 Datasets `split` parameter to load only a small sample of the training split since the dataset is quite large:

```py
>>> from datasets import load_dataset

>>> dataset = load_dataset("food101", split='train[:100]')
```

Next, take a look at the image with 🤗 Datasets [`Image`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/package_reference/main_classes.html?highlight=image#datasets.Image) feature:

```py
>>> dataset[0]["image"]
```

> 

Reviewer 2: You could show the result here.

 'sampling_rate': 16000}

>>> dataset[0]["text"]
'The bungalow was pleasantly situated near the shore.'
```

### Processor

A processor combines the feature extractor and tokenizer. Load a processor with the [`AutoProcessor.from_pretrained] method:

```py
>>> from transformers import AutoProcessor

>>> processor = AutoProcessor.from_pretrained("facebook/wav2vec2-base-960h")
```

1. Create a function to process the audio data to `input_values`, and to tokenize the text to `labels`. These are your inputs to the model:

```py
>>> def prepare_dataset(example):
...    audio = example["audio"]
...
...    example["input_values"] = processor(audio["array"], sampling_rate=16000)
...    
...    with processor.as_target_processor():
...            example["labels"] = processor(example["text"]).input_ids
...    return example
```

2. Apply `prepare_dataset` to your example, and you will see the processor has added `input_values` and `labels`:

```py
>>> prepare_dataset(dataset[0])
```

Awesome, you should now be able to preprocess data for any modality! In the next tutorial, you will learn how to train a model on the preprocessed data.

> ## Everything you always wanted to know about padding and truncation

Reviewer 2: This could also go in a more advanced tutorial.

Author: I was thinking something similar, and think it'd be a good fit for the Concept Guide section when we have it. 😄
